i buy my meat locally at my local
farmers market
because i like knowing where the meat
comes from
and i like actually knowing how the
animals live
if i'm going to buy meat of any kind as
a vegan
what you just heard was the most idiotic
contradictory and hypocritical statement
ever uttered by a human being
[Music]
so another stupid rumor that's being
spread around
is that me and jasmine have been feeding
our dog
a diet of rice and beans some type of
stupid vegan diet
which isn't true and it's a combination
of
a very specific brand of dog food
and a combination of raw meat
now neither of those things are vegan
but
the thing is come on god said come on
for hogwarts guys
everybody to the limit everybody to the
living everybody come over
guys i said come on
everybody to the limit who's that it's
to the limit everybody come up for over
guys
come on for whoever guys i see you
jocking me
trying to play like you know me
vegan gains and i knew each other for
years
so richard if you happen to watch this
video
i just want to say when you point the
finger
at people like cal l cullen and reproach
them
for deleting their past videos for lying
about their past
for lying about positions they've taken
that were either pro-vegan
or anti-vegan or a mixture of the two
you're right
you've had a sense of mission and
purpose
in pointing the finger at people like
keller cullen for years
but dude what you're doing right now
it's wrong and it's the same
damn thing that kello was doing
you have slipped into living
a lie weird pieces of meat that can't be
sold to humans we're getting like
neck bones and [ __ ] that people wouldn't
eat
and uh so it's not like we're going to
the store
and buying like steaks and chicken
breasts and [ __ ] like that
it's throw away cuts of meat that no one
would eat we're not
really contributing to the animal
products industry with that if we just
cast the dog on to someone else they'd
have to do the exact same thing
man for hoga guys you're just making
yourself look worse you know
i mean everybody's just going to feel
sorry for you
i mean i do
love